Document add_all_ingredients (#237)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/data_extraction.rst

         rows = [row_def],
         columns = [final_density_mean, final_density_std])

In addition to defining variables, rows, and columns individually, there are convenience methods that simultaneously add multiple elements to an existing Ara definition.
One such method is :func:`~citrine.resources.Ara.Definition.add_all_ingredients`, which creates variables and columns for every potential ingredient in a process.

> The user provides a link to a process template which must have a list of `allowed_names` corresponding to the names of the allowed ingredients in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user provides a link to a process template that has a non-empty set of `allowed_names` (the allowed names of the ingredient runs and specs in the process).
```
